Step 1: Place tortilla on cutting board.
1. Take Cutting Board
2. Place tortilla on cutting board
Step 2: Use a butter knife to scoop nut butter from the jar.  Spread nut butter onto tortilla, leaving 1/2-inch uncovered at the edges.
1. Take butter knife
2. Take nut butter jar
3. Scoop nut butter from butter jar using butter knife
4. Spread nut butter on tortilla
Step 3: Clean the knife by wiping with a paper towel.
1. Take the paper towel
2. Clean the butter knife using paper towel
Step 4: Use the knife to scoop jelly from the jar. Spread jelly over the nut butter.
1. Take butter knife
2. Take jelly jar
3. Scoop jelly from jelly jar using butter knife
4. Spread jelly on tortilla
Step 5: Clean the knife by wiping with a paper towel.
1. Take the paper towel
2. Clean the butter knife using paper towel
Step 6: Roll the tortilla from one end to the other into a log shape, about 1.5 inches thick. Roll it tight enough to prevent gaps, but not so tight that the filling leaks.
1. Tightly roll the tortilla
Step 7: Secure the rolled tortilla by inserting 5 toothpicks about 1 inch apart.
1. Take the toothpicks
2. Insert 5 toothpicks into the tortilla
Step 8: Trim the ends of the tortilla roll with the butter knife, leaving ½ inch margin between the last toothpick and the end of the roll. Discard ends.
1. Trim the ends of the tortilla roll with the butter knife on both sides
Step 9: Slide floss under the tortilla, perpendicular to the length of the roll. Place the floss halfway between two toothpicks.
1. Take floss
2. Place floss under the tortilla halfway between the two toothpicks
Step 10: Cross the two ends of the floss over the top of the tortilla roll. Holding one end of the floss in each hand, pull the floss ends in opposite directions to slice.
1. Cross the two ends of the floss over the top of the tortilla roll
2. Pull the floss to cut the tortilla
Step 11: Continue slicing with floss to create the second pinwheel.  (Repeat 10)
1. Continue slicing with floss to create the second pinwheel.  (Repeat 10)
Step 12: Continue slicing with floss to create the third pinwheel.  (Repeat 10)
1. Continue slicing with floss to create the third pinwheel.  (Repeat 10)
Step 13: Continue slicing with floss to create fourth and fifth pinwheels.  (Repeat 10)
1. Continue slicing with floss to create fourth and fifth pinwheels.  (Repeat 10)
Step 14: Place the pinwheels on a plate.
1. Take the plate
2. Place the pinwheels on the plate